Heading level one Select styled with CSS.
A selects must identify its name, role,
and option state.
We start by letting the screen reader
read on its own.
Then we'll interact with elements from
the top.
Manually select the NATO Phonetic Letter
combo box.
None.
Same page link back to top of page.
Enter same page link back to top of page.
Select styled with CSS8.
Select the NATO Phonetic Letter combo box
and enter Expanded List Alpha to move
Bravo To move to an item,
press the arrow keys Charlie to move to
an item, Bravo to move to an item,
press the arrow keys.
Enter.
Select the NATO Phonetic Letter combo box.